An iteration of the BinderHub and JupyterHub ecosystem entries (#47)
pangeo-data/jupyter-earth: docs/jupyter-resources/ecosystem/binder.md

# MyBinder.org

<img src="https://mybinder.org/static/logo.svg" width=30%>

The public and free [MyBinder.org](https://mybinder.org) service enable anyone to start and use a Jupyter environment that is automatically prepared with what's needed to run the content in a public git repository. As an example, you can click on [this mybinder.org link](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-demo/master?urlpath=lab/tree/demo) to start and use a Jupyter environment with Python, C++, and R and some example notebooks from the [jupyterlab/jupyterlab-demo](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab-demo) repository on GitHub.

## Terminology

As _Binder_ is often casually used to refer to multiple things, it's useful to distinguish that:
- _mybinder.org_ is a free and public service.
- _[BinderHub](https://binderhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)_ is the open source software used by mybinder.org.
- A BinderHub-ready git repository could be referred to as _a binder_.

## Creating a BinderHub-ready git repository

> To make your notebooks accessible with mybinder.org, you have to make them public in a git repository and declare whats required for them to run properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make your notebooks accessible with mybinder.org, you have to make them public in a git repository and declare what is required for them to run properly.
```

### Recommended guides

> While we provide some details below, we highly recommend the following more detailed external and programming language tailored guides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we provide some details below, we highly recommend the following external, more detailed programming language tailored guides:
```
